c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll.config
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.dll
c:\users\rb-lab105-04\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll.config
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll.config
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll.config
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.xml
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
I:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csi.exe.config
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Console.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.Process.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Compression.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.DriveInfo.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.IO.Pipes.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Claims.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Threading.Thread.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.ValueTuple.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll.config
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.pdb
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Model.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Model.pdb
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Percistence.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Percistence.pdb
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\obj\Debug\WeudreYZukowski.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Model.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Percistence.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Services.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Model.pdb
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Percistence.pdb
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Services.pdb
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Services.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Services.pdb
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\WeudreYZukowski\WeudreYZukowski\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
